this this is part of a practice game
that's called the strength on the ball
and shoulder tackle practice game look
at all these are on soccer off.com but
what we're not going to show you the
whole game in the interest of time we
shoot a lot of videos today and so we're
moving ahead but you can go to soccer
help and read all the details about this
and how you can use it as a progressive
teaching technique to teach your players
how to be strong on the ball and the
great way to do a shoulder tackle which
is a legal way to push an opponent who
is dribbling the ball off the ball so
you can take away the ball and that's
legal to do that thing I call it a
shoulder tackle some people called it a
shoulder charge but if you do it
correctly is legal and it's very
effective and if you get in a game and
if you read some of the testimonials on
soccer help their testimonies with
coaches who play talk about their teams
playing bigger teams and we're very
aggressive and trying to push their
players around and because they train
their players this way their players
don't get pushed around ok so you're
going to see how I train players to show
them what to do now the players I put
them in a line basically placing the
shoulder to shoulder okay
now I'm going to tell you guys all of
you guys
turn your interlining
this light for me here that they turn
toward me then put your feet together
put your legs straight everybody got
that
okay you do not want into this and again
because let me show you what happens see
one finger I can push you over with one
finger and the reason is because you're
standing with straight legs and your
finger together so you don't have any
balance
so obviously guys
what's gonna happen you just gonna get
knocked out all easy so on the other
hand now put your put your feet apart
about a foot step apart okay now now get
your knees a little bit okay now watch
see ask for fingers nothing right now
you've got what this is called sprint on
the ball and those knees look a cat
because if you're straight legged you
don't have as much you know you can't
have any deal and so what I'm gonna
train you guys to do is we're gonna be
right okay you're going to be right
you're not going to push off the ball it
was why do you know people want to know
the player does it come up push you off
the ball like you're the right grunion
right it is okay so so this is this is
how I show them how they need to think
now we're going to do now so I'm going
to show what's legal and what's not
legal so I'm going to pair you guys
you